# FAQ
1. **When do I unlock the Mars?**

    The new storyline to reach the Mars is unlocked after you have completed the Main Story of 2205. The Quest will then ask you to finish the Sector Quest for the "Greentide Archipelago" to unlock Synthetics. Afterwards, the Second Mars Mission begins which will eventually take you to the Red Planet.

2. **What is the difference between "Services" and "Urbanisation"? How do I fulfill these needs?**

    Services are a newly introduced product that can only be produced by Public Buildings. I created them to overhaul and diversify the 2205 Public Building game mechanic. While the first community centers on Earth and in the Arctic operate without input goods to start with, you will need to supply your higher level Public Buildings with certain goods in order to produce services. The more sophisticated the inputs, the more services the building will produce.

    While it's theoretically possible to supply an Investor City with Community Centers alone, you'd need so many of them that there wouldn't be much room left for houses. Also, this is where Urbanisation comes into play. Urbanisation is basically the "old" way, Public Buildings worked in 2205. The concept is the same as in Logistics. Your houses must be built close to Urban Centers (i.e. Public Buildings) in order to meet their Urbanisation needs. Factories also provide a certain amount of Urbanisation, so - if you like it - you have an incentive to build them into your cities as well. However, most of the Urbanisation is generated by Public Buildings, and the higher the level, the more you get. I kept this mechanic in place to prevent players from following the hypothesis of piling up a lot of Public Buildings at one end of the map and building the city at the other.

3. **Why are some of my buildings locked without unlock condition shown?**

    You have discovered one of the new mechanics I introduced in the Orbit DLC, where certain buildings are locked behind research in the Technology Nexus. As Anno cannot adequately display the unlocking requirements of a building if the unlocking condition is anything other than "have x amount of population level y", I have created five additional quests to guide you on your way to unlocking these buildings. You can find them on the left-hand side, just below the main quest tracker, as soon as they are relevant to your progress.

    All five buildings will simplify the production process and logistics costs of certain goods. For example: The AI Assembly Hall, which produces Cybersynth Circuits, is initially locked on the Moon, even though you need it to produce BioEnhancers for your Executives. For now, you will have to rely on the more expensive AI Assembly Hall in the Tundra Region and ship them to the Moon for processing. However, by researching the level 3 tech of the linking tree between the standard Biotech and Electronics techs, you can unlock this building on the Moon, greatly simplifying the production chain. If you also research Aeroponic Farming on the Moon, you can produce all the inputs for the Cybersynth circuits on the Moon, drastically reducing the logistical costs involved in producing BioEnhancers.

4. **Why are additional secondary modules like the drone hive modules THAT expensive?**

    I have decided to reintroduce the rare materials as well as additional - more specific - building materials into the secondary module costs. A major gameplay loop in 2205 is the constant balancing of workforce, energy and credits. I feel that this change to the building costs, by restricting access to the maintenance reduction modules to the mid to late game, improves this gameplay loop beyond that of the original game.

    Example: In the late Operator - early Executive stage, you will most likely struggle to keep up with the increased labour costs of maintaining your production facilities. To overcome this obstacle, you cannot just spam the five reduction modules on the cheap. You need to build a proper Smart Drones production chain in the Tundra first and ship them to the other sectors before you can take advantage of these modules. Of course, you could just build more houses, but that would also require additional work...

    **TL:DR** The material costs have been increased to make the game more complex. Finding ways to reduce the cost of maintaining your factories has become more important than in the base game.
    By the way, have you noticed that the useless logistics module has been replaced with the actually relevant finance calculator to reduce the maintenance costs of non-energy buildings?